c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.dll
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.pdb
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.dll
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.pdb
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\obj\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.dll
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\obj\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.pdb
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Data.exe
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Services.exe
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Data.pdb
c:\users\jamyers\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Services.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Data.exe
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.dll
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Services.exe
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.Services.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\bin\Debug\InfraDoc.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\obj\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InfraDoc\InfraDoc.Tests\obj\Debug\InfraDoc.Tests.pdb
